Add change log of v0.5.0 (#612)
open-mmlab/mmyolo: README.md

## 🥳 🚀 What's New [🔝](#-table-of-contents)

💎 **v0.5.0** was released on 2/3/2023:

1. Support [RTMDet-R](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/blob/dev/configs/rtmdet/README.md#rotated-object-detection) rotated object detection
2. [YOLOv8](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/blob/dev/configs/yolov8/README.md) support for using mask annotation to improve object detection model performance
3. Support [MMRazor](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/blob/dev/configs/razor/subnets/README.md) search NAS sub-network as backbone of YOLO series algorithm
4. Support calling [MMRazor](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/blob/dev/configs/rtmdet/distillation/README.md) to distill the knowledge of RTMDet
5. [MMYOLO](https://mmyolo.readthedocs.io/zh_CN/dev/) document structure optimization, comprehensive content upgrade
6. Improve YOLOX mAP and training speed based on RTMDet training hyperparameters

> 7. Support model parametric count, FLOPs calculation and provide GPU latency data on T4 devices, and updated Model Zoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Support calculation of model parameters and FLOPs, provide GPU latency data on T4 devices, and update [Model Zoo](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/blob/dev/docs/en/model_zoo.md)
```
